<speak>
SAYING “SORRY”.<break time="1000ms"/>
"Sorry" is probably the most over-used word in the United Kingdom: whether they are sorry about the weather or sorry because someone else has bumped into them in the street, chances are your average Briton has made at least one apology in the past hour or two. 
But do the British really apologise more frequently than members of other cultures? Getting reliable data on the frequency of apologies in different countries is harder than you might think. One approach is to ask people what they'd do in an imaginary situation. For instance, a recent study revealed that there would be approximately 15 British "sorries" for every 10 American ones if they sneezed, if they corrected someone's mistake, or if someone bumped into them in the street. But the survey found similarities between the British and American participants in the study, as well: just under three-quarters of people from either country would say “sorry” for interrupting someone.  
The origins of the word "sorry" can be traced to the Old English  <prosody rate="slow"><phoneme alphabet="ipa" ph="ˈsɑː.rij">"sarig"</phoneme></prosody> meaning “distressed, sad or <prosody rate="slow">full of sorrow</prosody>”, but of course, today most British people use the word more casually. And herein lies another problem with studying cultural differences in languages. “We use the word "sorry" in different ways,” says Edwin Battistella, a linguistics expert from Southern Oregon University in the US. Brits might say “sorry” more often, but this doesn't necessarily mean they're more remorseful and regretful about what happened.
There may be benefits to saying "sorry" too – such as building trust. Interestingly, that is true even when people are apologising not for mistakes they've made, but rather for circumstances beyond their control. In one study, conducted by a team of scholars at Harvard Business School, a male actor was hired to approach strangers at a train station on a rainy day and ask to borrow their telephone. In half the cases, the actor preceded his request with: “Sorry about the rain”. When he did this, 47% of strangers gave him their mobile, compared to only 9% when he simply asked to borrow their phone. Further experiments confirmed it was the apology about the weather that mattered, not the politeness of the opening sentence. 
So what about those circumstances when we are aware that we truly owe someone an apology? <prosody rate="slow">Battistella</prosody> has the following advice: “The right way to apologise is the way your mother taught you. Say you threw a small stone at your brother. She'd make you go and look him in the eye and say: “I'm sorry I threw the stone at you and I won't do it again.” Battistella concludes: 
“It's important to name what you did wrong, to show you are feeling sorry in some way and to indicate what might be different in the future.”
</speak>

“We use the word "sorry" in different ways,” says <prosody rate="slow">Edwin Battistella</prosody>, a linguistics expert from

SAYING “SORRY” 
"Sorry" is probably the most over-used word in the United Kingdom: whether they are sorry about the weather or sorry because someone else has bumped into them in the street, chances are your average Briton has made at least one apology in the past hour or two. 
But do the British really apologise more frequently than members of other cultures? Getting reliable data on the frequency of apologies in different countries is harder than you might think. One approach is to ask people what they'd do in an imaginary situation. For instance, a recent study revealed that there would be approximately 15 British "sorries" for every 10 American ones if they sneezed, if they corrected someone's mistake, or if someone bumped into them in the street. But the survey found similarities between the British and American participants in the study, as well: just under three-quarters of people from either country would say “sorry” for interrupting someone.  
The origins of the word "sorry" can be traced to the Old English "sarig" meaning “distressed, sad or full of sorrow”, but of course, today most British people use the word more casually. And herein lies another problem with studying cultural differences in languages. “We use the word "sorry" in different ways,” says Edwin Battistella, a linguistics expert from Southern Oregon University in the U.S. Brits might say “sorry” more often, but this doesn't necessarily mean they're more remorseful and regretful about what happened. 
There may be benefits to saying "sorry", too – such as building trust. Interestingly, that is true even when people are apologising not for mistakes they've made, but rather for circumstances beyond their control. In one study, conducted by a team of scholars at Harvard Business School a male actor was hired to approach strangers at a train station on a rainy day and ask to borrow their telephone. In half the cases, the actor preceded his request with: “Sorry about the rain”. When he did this, 47% of strangers gave him their mobile, compared to only 9% when he simply asked to borrow their phone. Further experiments confirmed it was the apology about the weather that mattered, not the politeness of the opening sentence. 
So what about those circumstances when we are aware that we truly owe someone an apology? Battistella has the following advice: “The right way to apologise is the way your mother taught you. Say you threw a small stone at your brother. She'd make you go and look him in the eye and say: “I'm sorry I threw the stone at you and I won't do it again.” Battistella concludes: 
“It's important to name what you did wrong, to show you are feeling sorry in some way and to indicate what might be different in the future.” 
 
