<speak>
Forget The Beatles – Franz Liszt was music's first "superstar" <break time="1000ms"/>
The women who screamed and fainted for the 19th century piano virtuoso Franz Liszt set the behavioural pattern for fans in our own time – from The Beatles to Justin Bieber. 
The spectacle of young women shrieking, crying, and fainting at the sight of their musical idols might seem like a peculiarly modern phenomenon, but it is nothing new. And surprisingly, it has its roots in the classical concert halls of 19th century Europe, where an extremely talented young Hungarian named Franz Liszt overcame a very poor background to become a true "celebrity". (According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word "celebrity" was first used in the way we use it now in the 1830s, as Liszt rose to fame.)  
Franz Liszt was a child prodigy who began casting his spell on audiences in Vienna, Paris and London at a young age, not just for his extraordinarily gifted technique and fine musical imagination, but also for the distinctive image he projected at the piano, tossing his shoulderlength hair and swaying hypnotically over the keyboard as he played. During a period of eight years, he gave around a thousand recitals, which is an incredible total. In the process, he effectively invented the profession of the international concert pianist. Baronesses and countesses got into fights over trying to lay hands on a glass or handkerchief that Liszt had used, women threw themselves at his feet and others went crazy. The popular press of the time reported at length on Liszt's concerts and at even greater length on his numerous love affairs. Such behaviour – or its equivalent – wouldn't exactly feel out of place in the 21st century. There is, however, a critical difference between Liszt's time and the era of Beatlemania and beyond, and that is the ever more sophisticated "PR machine" behind the artists. These days, when it comes to creating a superstar, actual talent may be just a small part of the equation. There are so many other factors at play – looks, charisma, branding, catchy tunes, marketing: these all play a part in creating a modern superstar. 
</speak>

The women who screamed and fainted for the 19th century piano virtuoso Franz Liszt set the behavioural pattern for fans in our own time – from The Beatles to Justin Bieber. 
The spectacle of young women shrieking, crying, and fainting at the sight of their musical idols might seem like a peculiarly modern phenomenon, but it is nothing new. And surprisingly, it has its roots in the classical concert halls of 19th century Europe, where an extremely talented young Hungarian named Franz Liszt overcame a very poor background to become a true 
"celebrity". (According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word "celebrity" was first used in the way we use it now in the 1830s, as Liszt rose to fame.)  
Franz Liszt was a child prodigy who began casting his spell on audiences in Vienna, Paris and London at a young age, not just for his extraordinarily gifted technique and fine musical imagination, but also for the distinctive image he projected at the piano, tossing his shoulderlength hair and swaying hypnotically over the keyboard as he played. During a period of eight years, he gave around a thousand recitals, which is an incredible total. In the process, he effectively invented the profession of the international concert pianist. Baronesses and countesses got into fights over trying to lay hands on a glass or handkerchief that Liszt had used, women threw themselves at his feet and others went crazy. The popular press of the time reported at length on Liszt's concerts and at even greater length on his numerous love affairs. Such behaviour – or its equivalent – wouldn't exactly feel out of place in the 21st century. There is, however, a critical difference between Liszt's time and the era of Beatlemania and beyond, and that is the ever more sophisticated "PR machine" behind the artists. These days, when it comes to creating a superstar, actual talent may be just a small part of the equation. There are so many other factors at play – looks, charisma, branding, catchy tunes, marketing: these all play a part in creating a modern superstar. 
