<speak>
They are Only Human<break time="1000ms"/>
The British royal family are known for their cool, calm exteriors and traditional stiff upper lip. And in general, they&#039;re a family with a lot to celebrate. But there are of course, as in all of our lives, more trying times when the royals showed they&#039;re just like the rest of us, and they couldn&#039;t help let their emotions get the better of them.
Queen Elizabeth II appeared to have been overcome with emotion at the Remembrance Sunday service in 2019, as she wiped away a tear, while paying tribute to war heroes. She watched the ceremony from the balcony of the Foreign &amp; Commonwealth Office building, alongside with the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge.
The first time Queen Elizabeth II cried in public was in December 1997 when her beloved Her Majesty's Yacht Britannia was taken out of service. It was a rare sight for fans to see the normally stoic royal shed a tear. The Queen was saying goodbye to her luxury yacht, whose costs were too great to maintain. The ship had faithfully served the royal family for over 40 years.
</speak>

They are Only Human
The British royal family are known for their cool, calm exteriors and traditional stiff upper lip. And in general, they're a family with a lot to celebrate. But there are of course, as in all of our lives, more trying times when the royals showed they're just like the rest of us, and they couldn't help let their emotions get the better of them.
Queen Elizabeth II appeared to have been overcome with emotion at the Remembrance Sunday service in 2019, as she wiped away a tear, while paying tribute to war heroes. She watched the ceremony from the balcony of the Foreign & Commonwealth Office building, alongside with the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge.
The first time Queen Elizabeth II cried in public was in December 1997 when her beloved Her Majesty's Yacht Britannia was taken out of service. It was a rare sight for fans to see the normally stoic royal shed a tear. The Queen was saying goodbye to her luxury yacht, whose costs were too great to maintain. The ship had faithfully served the royal family for over 40 years.