<speak>
This year the computer mouse is celebrating its 50th anniversary. It was half a century ago, in 1968, that computer visionary Douglas Engelbart showed off his new invention to an audience of one thousand people at a technology conference in California. They also witnessed the very first public demonstration of the personal computer. &nbsp;
At the time, no one called the mouse &quot;a mouse&quot;. The revolutionary &quot;position indicator&quot;, as it was registered in the Patent Office, was made of wood, had two wheels built into the bottom, and a single red button on top. It was originally designed to highlight text on a written document. Engelbart impressed onlookers very much by demonstrating how text could be selected, copied and pasted. Engelbart&#039;s team members nicknamed the device &quot;mouse&quot; because it resembled the rounded body of the rodent of the same name, with the cord just like a mouse&#039;s long tail. Years later Engelbart said he always wondered why the term &quot;mouse&quot; was never changed into a more technical word after it became a commercial success.&nbsp;
Today computer mice or mouses (both are widely accepted as plurals for the term) are absolutely everywhere. The only real changes to their technology in the past four decades are the transition to laser mice, the right-click button, and the scroll wheel. It looks like mice are here to stay, despite recent innovations such as touch screens. Experts say the mouse is still difficult to beat in terms of ease of use and functionality. On the mouse&#039;s 40th birthday, computer-device maker Logitech announced that it had produced its one-billionth mouse. The Swiss company produces nearly 8 million mice a month. The pioneer, Douglas Engelbart, never received a penny for his world-changing invention. His patent ran out before computer companies started mass-producing mice.&nbsp;
</speak>


This year the computer mouse is celebrating its 50th anniversary. It was half a century ago, in 1968, that computer visionary Douglas Engelbart showed off his new invention to an audience of one thousand people at a technology conference in California. They also witnessed the very first public demonstration of the personal computer.  
At the time, no one called the mouse "a mouse". The revolutionary "position indicator", as it was registered in the Patent Office, was made of wood, had two wheels built into the bottom, and a single red button on top. It was originally designed to highlight text on a written document. Engelbart impressed onlookers very much by demonstrating how text could be selected, copied and pasted. Engelbart's team members nicknamed the device "mouse" because it resembled the rounded body of the rodent of the same name, with the cord just like a mouse's long tail. Years later Engelbart said he always wondered why the term "mouse" was never changed into a more technical word after it became a commercial success. 
Today computer mice or mouses (both are widely accepted as plurals for the term) are absolutely everywhere. The only real changes to their technology in the past four decades are the transition to laser mice, the right-click button, and the scroll wheel. It looks like mice are here to stay, despite recent innovations such as touch screens. Experts say the mouse is still difficult to beat in terms of ease of use and functionality. On the mouse's 40th birthday, computer-device maker Logitech announced that it had produced its one-billionth mouse. The Swiss company produces nearly 8 million mice a month. The pioneer, Douglas Engelbart, never received a penny for his world-changing invention. His patent ran out before computer companies started mass-producing mice. 
