<speak>
If you&#039;re looking for inspiration, you couldn&#039;t find a better place than Andalucia to enjoy your holiday and improve your painting skills. Our relaxing, inspiring and fun-filled painting holidays are designed to help both experienced painters and beginners to release their talent under the instructions of tutors from around the world.&nbsp;
Based in the Andalucian village of Torrox, our guests discover the beautiful Andalucian landscape featuring spectacular valleys, mountains and beaches. They are able to immerse themselves in the process of drawing and painting, while having fun and making new friends. They also enjoy comfortable seven-day hotel accommodation, wonderful local food and wine and great value for money.&nbsp;
We provide easels, drawing boards, sun umbrellas, water containers and lightweight folding chairs. We ask you to bring paints and brushes. A materials list will be sent to you.&nbsp;
On Day 1, you will be collected from Malaga Airport and taken to the charming village of Torrox Pueblo. Transfer is free of charge. Our shuttle buses leave the airport at 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. only. Dinner will be served at a local restaurant at 7 p.m.&nbsp;
During the next few days you will be painting on location in the wild countryside around Torrox – on the beach, capturing the water, fishermen and their boats, and at Casa Maria, a delightful Andalucian house with stunning views over the mountains and the Mediterranean. &nbsp;
On Day 8, the day of departure, courtesy transfer to Malaga Airport will leave Torrox at 9 a.m. For other times of the day, a private taxi can be arranged. The fare is 60 euro, one way, payable by the guest to the driver.&nbsp;
For a more detailed day-by-day itinerary of the painting holiday, visit our company website.&nbsp;
</speak>

If you're looking for inspiration, you couldn't find a better place than Andalucia to enjoy your holiday and improve your painting skills. Our relaxing, inspiring and fun-filled painting holidays are designed to help both experienced painters and beginners to release their talent under the instructions of tutors from around the world. 
Based in the Andalucian village of Torrox, our guests discover the beautiful Andalucian landscape featuring spectacular valleys, mountains and beaches. They are able to immerse themselves in the process of drawing and painting, while having fun and making new friends. They also enjoy comfortable seven-day hotel accommodation, wonderful local food and wine and great value for money. 
We provide easels, drawing boards, sun umbrellas, water containers and lightweight folding chairs. We ask you to bring paints and brushes. A materials list will be sent to you. 
On Day 1, you will be collected from Malaga Airport and taken to the charming village of Torrox Pueblo. Transfer is free of charge. Our shuttle buses leave the airport at 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. only. Dinner will be served at a local restaurant at 7 p.m. 
During the next few days you will be painting on location in the wild countryside around Torrox – on the beach, capturing the water, fishermen and their boats, and at Casa Maria, a delightful Andalucian house with stunning views over the mountains and the Mediterranean.  
On Day 8, the day of departure, courtesy transfer to Malaga Airport will leave Torrox at 9 a.m. For other times of the day, a private taxi can be arranged. The fare is 60 euro, one way, payable by the guest to the driver. 
For a more detailed day-by-day itinerary of the painting holiday, visit our company website. 
