The first snow storm hit at 9 PM. I was working behind the bar of the Lion Inn. Built in 1553, the Lion is the fourth highest pub in England and it is one of the most remote. The pub's nearest village is Castleton, six miles down the valley. On a normal night, you can spot its lights in the distance. But that night they were gone, hidden behind a wall of white. 
I stepped outside, with chef Danny, aged only 18. I took one step into the road and sank to my waist in snow. Then the voice of our waitress, Katie, also 18, echoed from inside: “The radio says they've stopped cleaning the roads. We're stuck!” Suddenly the Lion felt like the last place left on Earth. The evening shift comprised Katie, Danny, me, fellow barman Rob, aged 22, and 25-year-old head chef Stuart. We'd worked together for years and were good friends. There were only two guests in their 50s. 
The next morning I awoke in a guest bedroom to a strange calm. The heavy snowfall and strong winds meant the windows and doors were blocked. The roads were too dangerous to drive on. Fortunately, the phone still worked. So we called the owner of the inn to give him the most recent information and assured our families we were safe. 
For the next nine days we worked by day, looking after our two guests, and by night we ate and drank like kings, feasting on all the finest food from the specials menu – steaks, pies, roasts. After all, if we didn't eat the food, it would go off. We kept the fires going and had a party every night. We drank, laughed, watched movies and played Monopoly before staggering up to bed in whichever guestroom took our fancy. 
On the ninth day I'd had enough. I was determined to get back to my life. I could see the snow had begun to melt a little, so I went outside to dig out my car. I dug for seven hours until I could get inside. Then, as I turned the key, I heard the chug-chug of a diesel engine and two yellow lights appeared through the mist. The snow-cleaning machine had arrived to dig us out.  
Looking back, I remember mostly how we laughed, cocooned inside the pub, with drinks in hand under flickering candlelight. I've not felt so cosy ever since.  
